feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b296388ebbd517692bcf.md

---
id: 69e8b296388ebbd517692bcf
title: Step 40
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-40
---

# --description--

Proceed by adding a `div` of `className` of `form-row`. Inside it, add two `div` elements with the `className` of `form-group` each.

The first `div` element should have a `label` of `className` of `label`,  an `htmlFor` attribute of `position` a text `Position`, and an `input` with the `id` of `position`, a `className` of `input` and a `type` of `text`.

# --hints--

> Your Player Info section should contain a `div` with the class `form-row`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Player Info section should contain a `div` with the `className` of `form-row`.
```

```js
const container = await __helpers.prepTestComponent(window.index.FootballPlayerCard);
assert.exists(container.querySelector('.form-panel div.form-row'));
```

> Your `div.form-row` should contain two `div` elements each with the class `form-group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `div.form-row` should contain two `div` elements each with the `className` of `form-group`.
```
